title: OED to remove word "gullible"
author: Ross
caption: Seagulls are the most credulous of all birds
date: 2009-06-29

It's been the time-honoured joke of the schoolyards, workplaces and even safari
parks: "gullible is not in the dictionary." The irony stems from the fact that
only the gullible would believe such a claim, but the Oxford English Dictionary
team are seeking to bring an end to this long-running mirth device.

As part of their ongoing fun-prevention campaign, the makers of the OED -- a
long-standing lexicographic institution -- have voted 14 to 3 to remove the word
gullible from the pages of the great word tome.

"The joke has gone on long enough," explains Colin Waterman, OED CEO, OBE and
brother to star of 1970s police drama _The Sweeney_, John Thaw. "It amused a few
of us when the joke first started, but we've decided it has to come to an end.
We've removed the word altogether so if anyone does fall for it again, they will
be ones in the right, thus negating the whimsy."

Whilst futurists are speculating a reduction in lexicographic tomfoolery in
2010, several groups are claiming the move by the OED will not solve the
problem.

"It's obvius, innit?" claims the Minister for Education, "peeple will jst make
jokes bout uther werds." Several comedy pressure groups have also suggested that
the joke may invert itself with proponents simply telling their victims the word
"gullible" has been returned to the dictionary.

The origins of the original joke are speculative at worst and at best, pretty
well-known. According to banter historians, the joke dates as far back as 1584
when Sir Walter Raleigh was known to use it as an ice-breaker on encountering
people native to the Americas. On first contact, while trying to establish
communication, he would joke that our language had no word for gullible. Once
they understood the joke, it was said to have helped ease colonial tensions.

Even the word itself is said to be coined by the explorer. As a small boy, he
would perform magic tricks to seagulls in Cornwall and found that out of all sea
birds, they were the easiest to fool. Thus, he would talk about "gulling" people
who were easy to trick and referred to them as "gullable".

In 1814, the first Edition of The Times was printed, but with poor timing as
news had yet to be invented. The writers for the paper had to resort to filling
pages with their shopping lists, anecdotes from their holidays and the rest was
padded out with pages and pages of the letter "A" over and over. This caused a
great shortage in the letter A for other publications, thus many words ending in
"able" were changed to "ible" -- along with "gullible" -- giving the modern
spelling as we know it today.

The new edition of the Oxford English Dictionary will be out in time for
Christmas and is said to be the first edition with the word removed altogether.
Language scholars are yet to comment on whether this will affect day to day
conversation as they are all on holiday.
