title: Runcorn Honoured in Video Game Legacy
author: Ross
caption: "Runcorn" will be available to play with later this year
date: 2009-03-02

Locals to the Cheshire town of Runcorn today received news of an accolade of a
very high order as they were chosen as the namesake of a new character in the
Pokemon video game series, produced by Nintendo.

Nintendo will be releasing _Pokemon: The Silver Jubilee Edition_ in Autumn this
year which will be 26th in the series of video games in which players battle
with small, fictional creatures called _Pokemon_, which is short for "Pokey
Monsters".

It was said that the Japanese games giant had shortlisted several UK settlements
to be the inspiration for the new character introduced in the latest game in the
franchise.

Amongst the towns that didn't make the final choice were Gateshead, Slough and
Chipping Sodbury. It is understood that the town of Skegness was also
approached, but declined to be shortlisted on moral grounds.

"Naturally, we're delighted," gleeful Runcorn councillor Peter Chu tells WAFTI
in his first interview since parole. "This is going to be a tremendous boon for
all the people of Runcorn."

Early estimates forecast an approximate growth in tourism of 1.41% when the new
video game appears in the shops on 31st October. Walking down the High Street,
it can be seen that local businesses are already celebrating the honour.

"This is the best thing to happen to the town since the building of the
Bridgewater canal," gushes Agnes Cream, a local travel agent who is already
negotiating discounted B&B rates in the area for any Japanese visitors.

A special parade will be held through the town this Sunday, but those taking
part are struggling with the fact the nearest Pokemon costume shop is in
Manchester.

"The parade will most definitely go ahead," confirms Gareth Silo, head of the
town council, adorning full Pikachu dress.

A spokesperson from Nintendo adds they chose Runcorn after a painfully rigorous
decision process and they look forward to having the town's namesake spearhead
the latest game as its star character.

He tells us that "Runcorn is the perfect pokey town for our pokemon."
