title: Sony Music Entertainment achieves UK Christmas #1
author: Ross
caption: Sony thanks everyone for all the money handed over
date: 2009-12-20

In a neck and neck dash for the country's most pretigious award, Sony Music
Entertainment finally came out on top with the UK best-selling single for
Christmas over close rival: Sony Music Entertainment.

The surprise win was part of a campaign on Facebook and other social networking
sites to get Sony Music Entertainment to the godly number one spot in protest at
yet another number one from Sony Music Entertainment.

The UK number one selling single was announced at 7pm on Sunday by the Queen as
part of her popular culture round-up of 2009 on Radio Four. She remarked it as
being a historic moment in the entire Commonwealth and a real testament to the
power of the people. She noted it as dwarfing lesser events such as the Storming
of the Bastille and the miners' strikes in the 1980s.

"Finally, after all the historic, but frankly rubbish, events of people
organising to make a difference to their world, we have something we can hold up
as a shining example of human achievement. All those involved should pat
themselves on the back, but I suspect they already have, " rambled her Majesty.

"For the past five years, Sony Music Entertainment has had that Christmas number
one spot with its manufactured pop music," says Richard Porcupine, founder of
the group "Sod Sony; let's get Sony to number one!" on Facebook.

"It's refreshing to get Sony Music Entertainment to number one instead as a fart
in the face of crap music and capitalism. I am proud to have spear-headed this
campaign and I think everyone who made the effort to download a whole MP3 should
be proud too."

Fans and supporters of the group are said to be "mental" with delight at the
news. One fan tells WAFTI: "I'm just so well glad we've made such a difference
in our world tonight. I'm proud to bring up my children in a world with the
majority of the country agreeing with my personal taste in music. This must be
how the Germans felt when the Berlin Wall fell."

Mr. Porcupine's group was the fastest growing group on Facebook, far outdoing
groups such as "A campaign to end the war in Afghanistan", "People opposed to
the Digital Economy Bill" and "We support curing cancer, saving sick puppies,
declaring world peace and methods to convert human pollution into gold."

"I think people latched onto our cause as the most worthy for backing," drones
Dick Porcupine over his Twitter account. "People saw something terribly wrong
with our world and worked their hardest to fix it. Until today, people had to
endure the hardship of a song they didn't like being the UK number one single."

A press release from Sony Music Entertainment describes the company as "chuffed"
that they came out on top against Sony Music Entertainment. "The best way to win
in a free market is to get competition between two of your own products,"
laughed fat cat, Simon Custard over a large class of Ch√¢teau Latour.

Killjoy tosspots formed an apathy-driven campaign called "We don't give a flying
panda's testicle what the number one is" on Facebook, but not on Twitter as the
title alone exceeded the character limit for Twitter posts.

Their campaign manager finally got back to our enquiries last week with the
statement: "we really don't care." Critics have called his words "succinct" and
"missing the point."

Rumours have indicated that Richard Porcupine may be nominated for the Nobel
Prize for twattery.
