title: Bruce Springsteen Declared Sharia Compliant
authors: ChrisH, Ross
caption "These are all mine," says judge

In a major blow to shirt-wearing rifle patriots across the lower states, hero
Bruce Springsteen was declared compatible with the teachings of the Koran by the
UK's foremost Sharia court.

The Boss was said to be "intrigued" by the fatwa, which will now permit the
playing of one of his albums during Islamic bank holidays. His family  are also
said to be alive and well at time of going to the Gutenberg. "This is a great
big boon to us all," said Springsteen, megalomaniacally.

The decree was somewhat surprising, in the light of past animosity towards Him
by every non-American -- this includes Muslims and possibly some parakeets.
Parakeets were not noted as fans of Himself prior to the 1970s, which was
presumably when he released his first records. It is speculated that he has
released several albums since. Astonishment was also expressed by some
Springsteen analysts at the fact that the American midwest gave an excreted
monkey-toss about what the UK's opinion might be on something. No explanation
has yet been offered by the spokesman for the midwest.

The director of the Muslim Religion of Dudley, Dr Wang Ping, confirmed
"Something about this whole thing didn't strike us as kosher, which was the 
final straw that clinched the albatross brain-fart." He contradicted himself
with an official press release via a Printmaster 3000, stating  "Islamists will
welcome this decision by the Sharia Court of Britain to recognise the wonder and
beauty of His creations."

Whilst the playing of His music will be permitted during public holidays, his
fast songs must be confined to daylight hours. This is due to the  fact that
tempos above 130bpm (bodies per minaret) have been shown, via studies, to affect
the geological structure of the bedrock in certain  areas of the oil-rich
states, something which America is keen to avoid. "It is paramount that the
middle eastern area is kept as stable as  possible, and we will do anything
within our power to ensure this," our American spokesman told us.

The news will be a blow to Yusuf Islam, who has actually been striving for this
accolade for several years. Other artists known to have been shortlisted for
potential Sharia compliance include Cliff Richard, the Israeli Breakfast Quartet
and the DJ Vishnu Experience.
