title: Anniversary of Moon Landing Reignites Conspiracy Claims
author: Ross
caption: The Moon. Or is it?
date: 2009-07-27

Previously waning lunacy was in full view this month as the 40th anniversary of
the Apollo 11 mission sparked up fresh controversy over whether or not the moon
was faked.

On July 20th, 1969, the United States landed the first white, male human beings
on the surface of the Earth's moon with an estimated 1 billion eyes witnessing
the historic moment. Despite these 500 million observers, many conspiracy
theorists maintain the accusation that the entire moon is a hoax concocted by
NASA, the US Government and the TUC. "There is absolutely no way for the moon to
be possible, let alone for a man to walk on it," scoffs Geoffrey Van Allen,
founder of Lunar Sceptics, a moon-denying interest group.

"We have analysed 1000s of photographs taken of the moon and every single one
shows signs of tampering. The famous shot of Buzz Aldrin taken on its surface
could easily have been taken in any Asda car park and touched up in a studio."

Critics of the hoax claims point to the continuing visibility of our lunar
compadre as seen through several devices such as telescopes, binoculars or eyes.

"Look; it's right there," a scientist explains.

The "people" of the conspiracy theory publication, "Moon? Yeah, right..." are
still not convinced by this salient evidence.

"We have testimonies from several Hollywood experts that expose a secret project
experimenting with sky projection technology capable of maintaining something
such as a picture of a moon in our skies perpetually. We have hard evidence this
project dates back years before the moon itself," explains Chief Editor Roy
O'Rovers in a drawn-out game of charades.

Other attempts to debunk the claims point to evidence from tidal patterns across
the globe -- now known by most outside of the USA to be due to the gravitational
effect of the moon and not Poseidon.

"It's very clear that the wave machines used in novelty swimming baths today
were the side product of the NASA tide project," continued Mr. O' Rovers
fervently. "We have detected the main points at which NASA has stationed wave
generators to force a tidal effect -- all part of an elaborate scheme to act as
if there were a moon pulling on the seas."

Most astronomers were too busy with real work to respond to these claims, but a
group of GCSE Science students were able to tell WAFTI they consider moon hoax
proponents to be "a bunch of saddos[sic]." Their parents were unavailable to
comment.
