title: Virgin birth prompts review of abstinence-only programmes
author: Ross
date: 2014-12-25

Judean officials have confirmed reports of a pregnant teenager giving birth
today despite new abstinence-only programmes now entering their second year of
running.

Sources close to King Herod informed WAFTI that they received news this morning
that a teenager named Mary has in fact successfully given birth in the small
town of Bethlehem, Gloucestershire. This birth is controversial as the Bethlehem
district has, for over 18 months now, been a forerunner in the campaign for
teenage abstinence as a form of birth control.

Judean governmental figures have long cited abstinence as "the only form of
birth control to be 100% effective" and in August 2 B.C., the Herod
administration brought in a Judean-wide campaign to educate teenagers as to its
benefits.

However, protest groups have been claiming since the programme's introduction
that it is intrinsically flawed. "We've said from the start: this programme is
founded on untruths," claims Helen Trout, head of Leave Your Hat On, a
pro-condom pressure group, "The simple fact is that if we are to promote real
birth control, then we must be educating our youngsters that they need to be
safe whatever decisions they choose to make. This incident is a kick in the face
to our government's ill-advised schemes."

"It's a hard issue, certainly and, at a stretch, we could see teenage sex
figures going down, but when it comes down to it our only shot at stopping this
flow is to promote safe usage of condoms. This incident has brought the issue to
a head and I hope now we see a push in the right direction."

This morning's birth has certainly stirred a lot of controversy and it remains
to be seen how the government will move in light of these revelations. A source
close to King Herod informs WAFTI, "The King is deeply troubled by the birth of
this child. It is unacceptable that such an anomaly should be allowed to ruin
such a beneficial programme and King Herod has promised to take whatever action
is needed, however drastic."
