title: Google Announces Web-Based Pie and Mash
author: ChrisH
caption: Scanning microscope image shows pie atoms bonding in characteristic random fashion

Search engine giant Google has achieved another technological feat by unveiling
the world's first online pie and mash shop.

The announcement is being seen by analysts as another attempt by the software
behemoth to cash in on gaps left open by its rivals, including  Microsoft and
Apple, in the new and emerging market of meat and vegetables. The product was
revealed this morning in the canteen at the firm's  headquarters in Mountain
View, California, in Google's inimitably quirky style, with invited journalists
and software executives handed pork pies in  the shape of pork pie-shaped mounds
of mashed potato.

The new venture is intended to exploit the vegetable-loving habits of teenage
children, which until now have been ignored by most major greengrocers  and
software corporations. Google's Director of Thinking, Jono Pfthan, said 'This
announcement comes in response to a growing trend in America of  people
beginning to adore pies and mash. It follows the unveiling of our new operating
system, Chrome, developed in response to a strong demand for  operating systems
from people who own PCs.' 'We always aim to score', he added mysteriously.

Google's new Cockney-esque website is designed to offer the authentic experience
of East End cuisine from the convenience of your own cybercafe. The  site
currently offers around 17,000 varieties of pie, although Google have stated
their intention to ramp up the product count going foward. The page  also offers
various varied varieties of vegetable side dishes, including bean sprouts,
aubergines, avocados, peas, lentils, garlic bread, brocolli, squash, samphire,
spinach, peppers, mushrooms, kale, chinese cabbage, yams, split peas, zucchini,
rutabaga, celery, lima beans, water  chestnuts, rhubarb, monorail onions,
lemongrass, chard, Mexican sour gherkins, winged beans, Malabar gourds,
Davidson's radish, epicurian shallotts,  okra and even potatoes. Carrots are
also projected to be offered at a later date, subject to logistical
considerations. 

The site is not yet fully developed, and is currently still in beta-carotene,
but plans exist to introduce new techniques to channel foodstuffs  directly to
users' PCs via VoIP (vegetables over IP). Google announced it has developed a
test system which allows jellied eels to be hurled across a  river, but have not
released any further details. The company expects demands for its pie and mash
products to be high, particularly from areas of  the world traditionally
associated with food. 

Microsoft have stated that they have no plans to introduce a rival to Google's
latest offering, stating through a spokesdude that they were  concentrating on
maintaining their fiefdom in other, probably more evil, ways. Apple told WAFTI
that vegetables are the company's natural enemy, and  therefore they were going
to run away and hide and invent a talking mattress in response. The Linux empire
could not comment as it had gone to the  pub.
