title: Environment Minister Admits "I Have No Idea What I'm Doing"
authors: ChrisH, Ross
caption: As junior minister, Ms O'Rally-Spectacular once lost the Grand Canyon.
date: 2014-11-23

At a shiny press conference this morning, Vera O'Rally-Spectacular, Minister for
the Environment, confessed that she had no clue as to how to  perform her role
effectively.

She went on to admit she's not even sure how she got the job nor why she's been
able to stay in it for so long. A stunned and damp audience of  rampant
journalists immediately pounced on her, verbally. She was forced to admit that
she was given the job because she had been the only candidate  who did not get
lost on the way to the interview.

"I was a complete failure at almost everything," she observed. Her former
headmaster, now her private secretary, agreed. "Even on the journey here  today,
I tripped over seven times, and lost my housekeys twice. Further, these files in
my hand mean nothing to me. They might be important  government white papers for
all I know."

This revelation has come about during recent criticism of the government's
attitude towards environmental issues. Pressure group Stupid Planes said "We
have always maintained that this government thinks that the environment is
silly. This announcement today only provides further proof that  they have been
really naughty." Ms O'Rally-Spectacular admitted herself that she was not
environmentally aware, having thought it was a  brand of cough medicine. When
asked about her hand in the decision to expand Heathrow Airport, the minister
simply responded, "well, all those people  from the plane companies were awfully
nice. I didn't want to make them sad."

The shadow Environment spokesman, Mr Frogsworth, remained adamant. 'This is
merely yet another blunder by this Labour government. I have  personally seen Ms
O'Rally-Spectacular's school exam results, and she completely failed O-Level
Latin. I assure you that no Tory minister is  lacking in such a fundamental
qualification. Our Environment minister scored brilliantly on all the Classical
languages. He is, unlike most Labour  ministers, a brilliant academic, having
once heard Rachmaninoff's piano concertos.

Labour has yet to make an official announcement on the issue as Ms
O'Rally-Spectacular has lost the keys to the Government and forgotten the 
password to the computer.

Ms O'Rally-Spectacular refuted suggestions that she was a moron, saying "I have
voted Church of England all my life."
