title: Economics teaching under scrutiny in US
author: Ross
caption: Modern economics methods described as "wizardy" by opponents
date: 2007-02-13

The Kansas school board came under significant pressure this week over the
content taught in economics lessons in its schools.

Proponents of the so-called "Intelligent Market" theory have claimed that
current teaching methods are overly biased towards free market theories by the
likes of Adam Smith.

"We respect work of people like Mr. Smith, but it needs to be understood that
works like 'The Wealth of Nations' contain _theories_ and, as such, should not
be taught as if they are the only explanation for our economy," IM campaigner
tells WAFTI today. "We think we owe it to our children to hear both sides of the
debate."

For years now, economics lessons have focused entirely on the idea that our
economy is driven by "market forces"; seemingly random decisions by directors
can be beneficial or detrimental to a company, which guides its development.
Free market economists say that pressures from the consumer base kill off
failing companies and help successful ones to survive.

Free market economists call this process of natural selection "competition". The
limited resources and finances available nationwide means that every successful
company we see today has evolved from ancestor companies that at some point made
better decisions than the other ancient companies we longer see today. The only
record we have of such extinct companies today is fossilised annual tax returns
which researchers have been unearthing at varying layers of the Inland Revenue
archives.

However, supporters of the "Intelligent Market" model in the USA cite laws of
entropy as evidence that the market could not be as chaotic as it is today
through random decisions guided by market forces.

"It is clear to us now that such a high level of chaotic mess in our economy
could not have happened without some influence from a higher power," say a
controversial report from top researchers at the California Market Science
Institute. "Such a complex level of disorder could not have been arrived at by
subtle forces alone. Our modern day economic state must surely be the result of
nearly eight years of tariff imposition, deficit spending and generally bad
decisions by a top-level power."

The controversial issue is to be debated at emergency school board meetings
across 17 different states tomorrow.
